Split Redis docs (#11246)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/guides/redis.mdx

  Database access for Redis is available starting from Teleport `9.0`.
</Details>

> If you want to configure Redis Cluster guide is available [here](redis-cluster.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to configure Redis Cluster, please read [Database Access with Redis Cluster](redis-cluster.mdx).
```

## Step 3/5. Create Redis users

(!docs/pages/includes/database-access/redis-create-users.mdx!)

## Step 4/5. Set up mutual TLS

(!docs/pages/includes/database-access/tctl-auth-sign.mdx!)

> ### Create the secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will show you how to use `tctl auth sign` below.
```
As suggested with the other Redis guide
